Implement 2FA Authentication (#920)
omisego/ewallet: docs/guides/two_factor_authentication.md

    - [Log in with 2FA](#log-in-with-2fa)
    - [Disable 2FA](#disable-2fa)
    - [Note](#note)

### Enable 2FA

To enable two-factor authentication, a secret code must be provided. This secret code is generated through an endpoint of the eWallet. The section below will explain how to get one.

#### Create a Secret Code

The secret code is a unique 16 character alphanumeric code used to create the time-based one-time passcodes (each generated code will only be valid for x seconds).

To create a secret code, call to `/me.create_secret_code` with the appropriate parameters:

```bash
curl http://localhost:4000/api/admin/me.create_secret_code \
-X POST \
-H "Accept: application/vnd.omisego.v1+json" \
-H "Authorization: OMGAdmin $(echo -n "user_id:auth_token" | base64 | tr -d '\n')" \
-H "Content-Type: application/json" \
-d '{}' \
-v -w "\n" | jq
```

The response will be similar to:

```json
{
  "version": "1",
  "success": true,
  "data": {
    "secret_2fa_code": "EDK4WLQ2A5DXYFAL",
    "object": "secret_code",
    "label": "user@example.com",
    "issuer": "OmiseGO"
  }
}
```

We can now create a two-factor QR code by using the data received in this response.

> > Try: using a web service to quickly generate the Two-factor QR Code e.g. [this](https://stefansundin.github.io/2fa-qr/)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Try:** use a web service to quickly generate a two-factor QR code, e.g. [Stefan Sundin's 2FA QR code generator](https://stefansundin.github.io/2fa-qr/)
```

Let's keep quotes for actual quotes. Also link titles should be descriptive about the link for SEO purposes.

-H "Authorization: OMGAdmin $(echo -n "user_id:auth_token" | base64 | tr -d '\n')" \
-H "Content-Type: application/json" \
-d '{}' \
-v -w "\n" | jq
```

The response will look something like this:

```json
{
  "version": "1",
  "success": true,
  "data": {
    "object": "backup_codes",
    "backup_codes": [
      "44eba8a0",
      "b70fbcb5",
      "891b195f",
      "fcc6566d",
      "2508c78c",
      "7250399f",
      "ae4905db",
      "d6dd6568",
      "0a555b84",
      "1bd686ce"
    ]
  }
}
```

Finally, call `/me.enable_2fa` with the following parameters:

```bash
curl http://localhost:4000/api/admin/me.enable_2fa \
-X POST \
-H "Accept: application/vnd.omisego.v1+json" \
-H "Authorization: OMGAdmin $(echo -n "user_id:auth_token" | base64 | tr -d '\n')" \
-H "Content-Type: application/json" \
-d '{
  "passcode": "103405"
}' \
-v -w "\n" | jq
```

If the `passcode` is correct, the response will be similar to:

```json
{
  "version": "1",
  "success": true,
  "data": {}
}
```

If everything was done correctly, the admin user account should now be secured with two-factor authentication.

Next, we will look into how can we log in with 2FA.

### Log in with 2FA

> After the admin user has enabled two-factor authentication successfully, the user will be need to do a 2-steps login to fully obtain the authentication token which we normally use to access the authenticated APIs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After the admin user has enabled two-factor authentication successfully, the user will need to do a 2-step login to fully obtain the authentication token which we normally use to access the authenticated APIs.
```

First, we need to obtain the pre-authentication token from the `/admin.login` endpoint.

1. Login with email and password

```bash
curl http://localhost:4000/api/admin/admin.login \
-X POST \
-H "Accept: application/vnd.omisego.v1+json" \
-H "Content-Type: application/json" \
-d '{
  "email": "user@example.com",
  "password": "p455w0RD"
}' \
-v -w "\n" | jq
```

The response would be look similar to:

```json
{
    "version": "1",
    "success": true,
    "data": {
        "user_id": "usr_01d9m837smphv4kx7xpaxm4dxp",
        "user": {},
        "role": null,
        "pre_authentication_token": "W9Yz6v5j3h9Z2q71NSDOmt8AR5cYw_m8KcIZHUVki_0",
        "object": "pre_authentication_token",
        "master_admin": null,
        "global_role": "super_admin",
        "account_id": null,
        "account": null
    }
}
```

> Second, calling to the two-factor authentication endpoint `/admin.login_2fa` by using the `pre_authentication_token` which we take from the previous step to form the authorization header, also specify the passcode which was generated by the TOTP authenticator app in the body like below:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Second, call the two-factor authentication endpoint `/admin.login_2fa` by using the `pre_authentication_token` from the previous step to form the authorization header. Also, specify the passcode generated by the TOTP authenticator app in the body like below:
```

2. Login with passcode (or backup_code)

```bash
curl http://localhost:4000/api/admin/admin.login_2fa \
-X POST \
-H "Accept: application/vnd.omisego.v1+json" \
-H "Authorization: OMGAdmin $(echo -n "user_id:pre_auth_token" | base64 | tr -d '\n')" \
-H "Content-Type: application/json" \
-d '{
  "passcode": "103405"
}' \
-v -w "\n" | jq
```

> The response will be look similar to the previous login response, except the `pre_authentication_token`, which will be now a real `authentication_token`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The response will look similar to the previous login response, except the `pre_authentication_token` which will now be the real `authentication_token`:
```

```json
{
    "version": "1",
    "success": true,
    "data": {
        "user_id": "usr_01d9m837smphv4kx7xpaxm4dxp",
        "user": {},
        "role": null,
        "authentication_token": "JAnlHGB3GNDt51TGZeFGoip55gRIdhnefALZHhhdSv8",
        "object": "authentication_token",
        "master_admin": null,
        "global_role": "super_admin",
        "account_id": null,
        "account": null
    }
}
```

> Now, we can use the `user_id` and `authentication_token` from the response to form the valid authorization header, to be able to access the authenticated APIs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Now, we can use the `user_id` and `authentication_token` from the response to form the valid authorization header, which can then be used to access the authenticated APIs.
```

### Disable 2FA

> To disable the two-factor authentication, calling to the api `/me.disable_2fa` as the following:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To disable the two-factor authentication, call the endpoint `/me.disable_2fa` as follows:
```

```bash
curl http://localhost:4000/api/admin/me.disable_2fa \
-X POST \
-H "Accept: application/vnd.omisego.v1+json" \
-H "Authorization: OMGAdmin $(echo -n "user_id:auth_token" | base64 | tr -d '\n')" \
-H "Content-Type: application/json" \
-d '{
  "passcode": "103405"
}' \
-v -w "\n" | jq
```

> If the `passcode` is correct, the response will be look like as following:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the `passcode` is correct, the response will look like the following:
```

```json
{
  "version": "1",
  "success": true,
  "data": {}
}
```

### Note

> 1. The user's authentication tokens are deleted after enabled or disabled two-factor authentication, so re-login might required.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. The user's authentication tokens are deleted after two-factor authentication is enabled or disabled, so re-logins might be required.
```

> 2. `backup_code` can be used for disable and login.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. `backup_code` can be used for login and/or disable two-factor authentication.
```

> 3. Each `backup_code` is one-time use.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Each `backup_code` can be used only once.
```

> 4. `pre_authentication_token` is returned only when the user has enabled two-factor authentication and log in with email and password, otherwise the  `authentication_token` is returned instead.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. `pre_authentication_token` is returned only when the user has two-factor authentication enabled, otherwise the `authentication_token` is returned right after the user logs in with username and password.
```
